Add C++ Solution + Short Editorial to Time is Mooney (Gold) (#2428)
cpinitiative/usaco-guide: solutions/usaco-993.mdx

id: usaco-993
source: USACO Gold 2020 January
title: Time is Mooney
author: Nathan Gong, Ryan Chou
---

[Official Analysis (C++)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_time_gold_jan20.html)

> We only need to keep track of the number of days that Bessie has been traveling and the amount of mooney that she has made. For every day up to $T_{\text{max}}$, we'll try to travel to each city, and update the mooney made if the current path is more optimal.

Reviewer: maybe explain how T_max was calculated?

id: usaco-993
source: USACO Gold 2020 January
title: Time is Mooney
author: Nathan Gong, Ryan Chou
---

[Official Analysis (C++)](http://www.usaco.org/current/data/sol_time_gold_jan20.html)

We only need to keep track of the number of days that Bessie has been traveling and the amount of mooney that she has made. For every day up to $T_{\text{max}}$, we'll try to travel to each city, and update the mooney made if the current path is more optimal.
## Implementation

**Time Complexity:** $\mathcal{O}(T_{\text{max}} \cdot (N + M))$

<LanguageSection>

<CPPSection>

```cpp
#include <bits/stdc++.h>
using namespace std;

> const int MAX_DAYS = 1000;

Reviewer: i see you learned, nice

int main() {
	freopen("time.in", "r", stdin);
	freopen("time.out", "w", stdout);

	int n, m, c;
	cin >> n >> m >> c;

	vector<int> earn(n);
	for (int i = 0; i < n; i++) {
		cin >> earn[i];
	}

	vector<vector<int>> adj(n);

	for (int i = 0; i < m; i++) {
		int u, v;
		cin >> u >> v;

> 		u--;
> 		v--;
> 
> 		adj[u].push_back(v);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		adj[--u].push_back(--v);
```

	}

> 	// dp[i][j] = the maximum money that Bessie can make on day i

Reviewer: where does j come into play then?

Author: j's the city, ill add that in

		adj[--u].push_back(--v);
	}

> 	// dp[i][j] = the maximum money that Bessie can make on day i in city j

Reviewer: sorry lol
```suggestion
	// dp[i][j] = the max money that Bessie can make on day i if she ends in city j
```
